- [Instructor] As we get started with Amazon S3,
there are a few things that we need to know
and some setup we need to get on your machine.
Since we'll be using different operating systems,
I will walk through the steps with Mac OS 10.
However, everything can be done
on any modern operating system
and I'll point you to the appropriate
locations for documentation.
There's a little bit prerequisite knowledge that I expect
you to have coming into this course.
The first is some basic knowledge of a couple development
languages that we will use.
Python, specifically Python 3 and Java.
Now I don't need you to be experts in either language
but at least have some knowledge of writing code
in these languages is a requirement.
Secondly, I would like you to understand some fundamentals
of cloud native computing.
Now using Amazon S3 does not exist in a primary
cloud native environment but it is important
to at least grasp some of these concepts as you begin
leveraging cloud infrastructure.
First and foremost you will need to have Python 3 installed.
We will not only use it for the AWS CLI,
but also to write some Python against the S3 API
using the Boto 3 library, but more on that later.
I use VirtualENV with all of my Python projects.
The IDE I use has a setting to use it as well,
I highly recommend that you do this
when you write any Python.
It isn't a requirement for sure
but it will help keep your environment clean.
I won't walk through this much
but you will see me using it in the code examples.
Now installing Python is relatively simple.
Linux and Mac operating systems have package managers,
either native or third party,
that will greatly simplify the installation process.
For my Mac for instance, I use Homebrew
and I execute the command, brew install Python 3.
If you use windows, you can just use the Python installer
which is available on python.org.
Just make sure wherever you install it from,
you get Python 3.
Now for the Java development.
We will be using JDK 11 in this course.
We will also be using Maven 3,
which can be installed using package managers
or following the installation instructions from maven.org.
To install Java,
I will be using the JDK from Oracle.
Feel free to use open JDK if you would like.
Installing Java from Oracle is as simple as downloading
the installer, DMG or tarball.
The installer and DMG self-install.
The tarball requires you putting it into a location
on your file system.
In either case you'll need to set your Java
home environment variable.
Note however, that some installers will do this for you.
Again, the documentation out there is very clear
for each operating system on how to install Java.
Now you will need a place to write your code.
You can use a text editor if you wish,
and while I have written a ton of code in text editors
especially Python,
I find that there is too much to commit to memory
in each language that I use professionally.
I highly recommend therefore, that you use
a full-featured IDE.
There are plenty of free versions of IDEs
that support either Java or Python, or both.
I will be using two different JetBrains products
because for me, they offer incredible features
for all of my uses.
For Python I will be using Pycharm professional
but there's a free version of Pycharm as well.
For Java, I will be using IntelliJ ultimate edition.
Again, there's a free IntelliJ as well.
Now you don't need to use the tools that I do.
Just make sure that you know how to use your IDE.
I may use some shortcuts and most modern IDEs share these
shortcuts and context menu options,
they may just look and feel a little bit different.
So now that we've got the prerequisites,
let's get going.